[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: How do we integrate
the Jasmine test cases with codepen?
>> Brian Holt: Good question.
Let me just briefly show you since it's
kind of outside the scope of the class but
if you click into the codepen, then you
click Settings and you click JavaScript.
Notice I'm just including
a bunch of Jasmine files and
I just took that off of
someone's blog post.
In fact you can probably just search for
a codepen Jasmine and it'll be up there.
There's also a CSS file too,
but it's just a bunch of external
link included JavaScript.
>> Brian Holt: Okay let's
work through this together.
So here we're gonna put our code.
Have my notes here, and
I'm gonna make a function called
factorial, and it's gonna take an (n).
Another interesting thing to note
about CodePen, is if you see this red
exclamation point down here,
it means that it's not compiling.
So if you click on that it's gonna start
yelling at you unexpected identifier
it's gonna tell you where it's having
issues in this particular case we don't
have curly braces so it's man but since
we put a curly braces that disappears.
The other thing that's worth
mentioning is I did turn on Babel.
So again coming here to Settings looking
at JavaScript everything's being run
through Babel so you're free to
use all of ES6 except generators.
We're not using generators and
that's okay, but
just say know codepen has problems
with generators so don't even try.
Okay, so the first line of our recursion,
what's the first thing we're gonna do?
Base case, right?
So if (n < 2),
then we're going to return 1,
pretty simple, okay?
And now what is a factorial?
Well, it's n * factorial of (n- 1).
>> Brian Holt: That's it and
if you look down here,
you noticed that our test is now passing.
>> Brian Holt: So again to just to
demonstrate here it's factorial if you
think about It's whatever
the number is times whatever
the factorial of the number of minus one,
right?
And that's literally what we're
expressing into the code, right?
It's n times factorial of (n- 1).
So that's something that can really
help you is just to reason allowed
of what's happening.
This is helpful for me and
it's confusing for other people.
Some I'm gonna to state it and if it makes
you more confused just throw it away.
You can kind of think of
the body of the function
of of a recursive function like
the inner part of the loop, right?
That's a very leaky abstractions
that don't go too far with that that
just think of that, that's the code that
gets run over and over and over again.
Just if you do a for loop, whatever
the codes in the middle of the for
loop that's what gets run over and
over and over again.
This is the same general concept.
This is the code that's gonna
get run a bunch of times.
Maybe that helps you maybe doesn't so
any questions?
So, let's close that.
Leave this page, leave that page.
And again, all the answers are up here,
so if you're struggling or
you wanna go back later and look at it,
all the answers that I'm putting up here,
they have them right here as well.
>> Brian Holt: I think
I fixed all them too.
One of them was wrong.
Yeah, right there.